AquaFX is an open source project for JavaFX, which creates a native JavaFX skin for Mac OS X.
It styles the controls of JavaFX to an appearance of the Mac OS X look and feel named Aqua.
To achieve this, the built in ability of JavaFX for skinning and applying CSS defninitions is used.
            
## General purpose
AquaFX gives developers an easy-to-use possibilty to change the whole look of their application, by including the AquaFX project and applying some additional lines of code.
This helps to offer a JavaFX application, which does neither feel nor look foreign to a Mac OS user.
The recommended OS for applications, styled with AqauFX, is Mac OS X Mountain Lion. All controls are styled with this OS-Version as guideline. 
Yet, it can be used on any OS which supports JavaFX, because AquaFX is OS independent, with exclusion of some special modifications.

# Quickstart
You can easily style your complete JavaFX application by just calling
*AquaFx.style();*
with import of
*import com.aquafx_project.AquaFx;*
This will set the CSS Styles for all controls that are supported by AquaFX. Once this is done your application should look like a native one.

# Using AquaFX

## Requirements & Restrictions
### OS
**AquaFX is highly recommended for Mac OS X.**
Although JavaFX is OS independent, there are special appearences, which cannot be achieved on other systems, like 
getting a JavaFX MenuBar in the MenuBar of Mac OS X an a Windows System.
All cases, which do have such restriction will be highlighted with a warning.

### Supported platforms
AquaFX works with [JDK&trade; 8 Early Access Releases][1].
Minimum version is Build b92, latest tested and working verison is **Build b94**, which is recommended to use.

Due to copyright restrictions and technical constraints, AquaFX can be run on non-Mac OS X systems for **development** purposes only.

### License terms
AquaFX is free for commercial and non-commercial use.

Use of the Aqua user interface is only licensed for Apple hardware running an Apple operating system.
The Aqua user interface generated by the AquaFX Skin is copyright by Apple Inc. Aqua is a trademark of Apple Inc.

With exception of the Aqua artwork in the code (images and other graphical elements which reproduce Aqua), 
Aqua is licensed under the [3-Clause BSD license][2]. We are not lawyers, but our interpretation of this 
license suggests to us that it is business friendly, requiring only the redistribution of the 3-clause 
BSD license we distribute with AquaFX. I suggest you review the license with the appropriate 
people, rather than take the advice of software engineers. If this license is not suitable, please contact 
[Claudine Zillmann][3] to discuss an alternative license.


## Including AquaFX in your project

### Download JAR
You can download the JARS on the [AquaFX project site][4]</a>.
### Maven
AquaFX will be deployed to Maven Central soon.


### Style your application
You can easily style your complete application by just calling
*AquaFx.style();*
This will set the CSS Styles for all controls that are supported by AquaFX. Once this is done your application should look like a native one.
<p>Further modifications, like changing the size or using special variants of controls, which are provided for a more native look are described in section 
["Control Variations"][5] of the [AquaFX project site][6].




[1]: http://jdk8.java.net/download.html
[2]: http://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause
[3]: mailto:claudine.zillmann%40gmail.com
[4]: http://www.aquafx-project.com/downloads.html
[5]: http://www.aquafx-project.com/documentation.html#controlvariations
[6]: http://www.aquafx-project.com
